added/updated docs (#80)
ubccr/xdmod-appkernels: docs/ak-commands.md

### xdmod-akrr-ingestor

The `xdmod-akrr-ingestor` command is used to ingest data from
[AKRR](https://akrr.xdmod.org).  See the
[Application Kernels Ingestor Guide](ak-ingestor.html) for more details.

### Task Scheduling

> Appkernels execution can be scheduled with [AKRR](https://akrr.xdmod.org) command line interface 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App kernel execution can be scheduled with [AKRR](https://akrr.xdmod.org) command line interface 
```

> or with GUI using appkernel tab in the admin dashboard [ak-scheduling](ak-scheduling.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or with GUI using App Kernels tab in the admin dashboard [ak-scheduling](ak-scheduling.md). 
```

### AK Control Region

> Control region for app kernels is set in appkernel tab of the admin dashboard [ak-controlregion](ak-controlregion.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control region for app kernels is set in App Kernels tab of the admin dashboard [ak-controlregion](ak-controlregion.md). 
```

### AK Viewer

> The results of appkernels execution can be viewed with AK viewer and explorer [ak-viewer](ak-viewer.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results of app kernel execution can be viewed with AK viewer and explorer [ak-viewer](ak-viewer.md). 
```

### AK Email Reports

> Control region for app kernels is set in appkernel tab of the admin dashboard [ak-reports](ak-reports.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control region for app kernels is set in App Kernels tab of the admin dashboard [ak-reports](ak-reports.md). 
```
